---
layout: post
title: "Watch Out Now"
published: true
author: Blake Taylor
---
After taking a quick Beatnuts break, I feel it is time to begin peeling back the
curtain, and open the portal to what is Newstime.

I have high hopes for what this may become in the years and months to ahead, and
I'm excited to begin sharing what it is I hold near and dear to my heart with
the world at large.

First and foremost, what is Newstime?

Newstime is a threefold solution for a complex problem.

Newstime is a press platform. It enables users to produce a digital, or rather,
virtual newspaper, reminiscent of years past. The key focus of the press
platform is on composition and layout and targeted at small teams of people that
come together to create a single publication to fall within a series.

Beyond the press platform, Newstime is a media format. The format itself is what
I consider to be a new model of thinking to implementing for the web. Rather
than relying heavily on links pointing to resources available on the web, the
goal of the format is to contain all the things which appear, and are depended
on by the composed media, within the delivery package itself. Think, batteries
included.  This is based on an idea I call holistic media, and the overarching
goal is to establish durable and transferable pieces of digital material, upon
which a market could be based.

Lastly, Newstime is a store. A newsstand of sorts, where readers can come
together to discover and purchase media, and publishers can distribute and
monetize upon their labors. It serves as a media archive, and browsing platform,
ultimately designed to allow the user to take what they find in the marketplace
with them wherever they go.

So that is Newstime. I hope you have enjoyed this brief introduction, and check
back for further developments as things are revealed and released.

Thank you for your time and attention, and here is to great things in the future
to come!

Blake Taylor
Founder, [Newstime](http://www.newstime.io/)
